README.md, before:

# rss
A [maubot](https://github.com/maubot/maubot) that posts RSS feed updates to Matrix.

## Usage
Basic commands:

* `!rss subscribe <url>` - Subscribe the current room to a feed.
* `!rss unsubscribe <feed ID>` - Unsubscribe the current room from a feed.
* `!rss subscriptions` - List subscriptions (and feed IDs) in the current room.
* `!rss notice <feed ID> [true/false]` - Set whether the bot should send new
  posts as `m.notice` (if false, they're sent as `m.text`).
* `!rss template <feed ID> [new template]` - Change the post template for a
  feed in the current room. If the new template is omitted, the bot replies
  with the current template.

### Templates
The default template is `New post in $feed_title: [$title]($link)`.

Templates are interpreted as markdown with some simple variable substitution.
The following variables are available:

* `$feed_url` - The URL that was used to subscribe to the feed.
* `$feed_link` - The home page of the feed.
* `$feed_title` - The title of the feed.
* `$feed_subtitle` - The subtitle of the feed.
* `$id` - The unique ID of the entry.
* `$date` - The date of the entry.
* `$title` - The title of the entry.
* `$summary` - The summary/description of the entry.
* `$link` - The link of the entry.

Commit message:

Add postall command to README

README.md, after:

# rss
A [maubot](https://github.com/maubot/maubot) that posts RSS feed updates to Matrix.

## Usage
Basic commands:

* `!rss subscribe <url>` - Subscribe the current room to a feed.
* `!rss unsubscribe <feed ID>` - Unsubscribe the current room from a feed.
* `!rss subscriptions` - List subscriptions (and feed IDs) in the current room.
* `!rss notice <feed ID> [true/false]` - Set whether the bot should send new
  posts as `m.notice` (if false, they're sent as `m.text`).
* `!rss template <feed ID> [new template]` - Change the post template for a
  feed in the current room. If the new template is omitted, the bot replies
  with the current template.
* `!rss postall <feed ID>` - Post all entries in the specified feed to the
  current room

### Templates
The default template is `New post in $feed_title: [$title]($link)`.

Templates are interpreted as markdown with some simple variable substitution.
The following variables are available:

* `$feed_url` - The URL that was used to subscribe to the feed.
* `$feed_link` - The home page of the feed.
* `$feed_title` - The title of the feed.
* `$feed_subtitle` - The subtitle of the feed.
* `$id` - The unique ID of the entry.
* `$date` - The date of the entry.
* `$title` - The title of the entry.
* `$summary` - The summary/description of the entry.
* `$link` - The link of the entry.
